Docs for Satellite Updates (#2654)
earthly/earthly: docs/cloud/satellites/managing.md

### Clearing cache

There are two ways to clear the cache on satellite.

#### Recreating the Underlying Satellite Instance (often faster)

> Running the `update`  command with `--drop-cache` will relaunch the instance with an empty cache volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the `update` command with `--drop-cache` will relaunch the instance with an empty cache volume.
```

Author: Thanks!

Note that this operation can take a while, and the satellite may also receive any available updates during the process.

```bash

> earthly satellite update --drop-cache my-satellte

Reviewer: ```suggestion
earthly satellite update --drop-cache my-satellite
```

```
#### Using the prune command (slower)

The `earthly prune` command also works on satellites.

> It usually takes longer than running `satellite update`, however, it does not trigger a relaunch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It usually takes longer than running `satellite update`; however, it does not trigger a relaunch.
```

```

#### Manually Updating a Satellite

Satellites can also be manually updated using the `update` command. The update command can be used to not only trigger a version upgrade, but also to change other parameters of the satellite, such as feature-flags or its cache. 
Satellites must be in a sleep state before an update can be started. You can use the `earthly satellite sleep` command to do this manually.
Below are some examples of how you can use the `update` command.

The following example updates a satellite to the latest revision, respecting any pinned versions:

```bash
earthly satellite update my-satellite
```

The following command updates the satellite and clears its cache during the process. If no updates are available, this command will still clear the cache.

```bash
earthly satellite update --drop-cache my-satellite
```

Updates can also specify a new pinned earthly version:
```bash
earthly satellite update --version v0.6.29 my-satellite
```

Feature flags can be set during an update as well.
When any feature flags are passed in, the entire set of existing feature flags are replaced with the new set.
Passing no feature flags will retain the existing flags.

> Note feature-flags are typically used to preview unreleased features. They are considered highly expirimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note feature-flags are typically used to preview unreleased features. They are considered highly experimental.
```

Author: Wow I should've just pasted this into Grammarly or something.

### Clearing cache

> The easiest way to clear cache on a satellite is to restart it using the `update` command with `--drop-cache` flag.

Reviewer: I would rephrase this to mention there's two different ways (rather than easier vs harder)

maybe something along the lines of:

```
There are two ways to clear the satellite cache:

#### recreating the underlying satellite instance (often faster)

    ```bash
    earthly satellite update --drop-cache my-satellite
    ```

Note that this operation can take a while, and the satellite may also receive any available updates during the process.

#### Using the prune command (slower)

The `earthly prune` command can also be used. In many cases, however, it takes longer than using `satellite update`.
The prune command also requires the satellite to be selected before running.

    ```bash
    earthly prune -a
    ```

```

Author: I like it, thanks!

```bash
earthly satellite update --drop-cache my-satellte
```

Note that this operation can take a while, and the satellite may also receive any available updates during the process.

The `earthly prune` command can also be used. In many cases, however, it takes longer than using `satellite update`.
The prune command also requires the satellite to be selected before running.

```bash
earthly prune -a
```

### Updating a satellite

> By default satellites will automatically update as new versions become available. 

Reviewer: I would combine these two sentences:

Satellites receive version updates by default, unless they are pinned to a specific version (by using the --some-flag-here). Pinned versions will still receive minor patches, such as security updates.

Alternativly, satellite can also be pinned to specific earthly versions, however they will still receive patches and security fixes.

> Satellite updates will only run during their specific maintenance window.

Reviewer: This seems repetitive -- the next section header implies updates occur during maintenance windows.
```suggestion
```

Author: Yeah, good point

#### Auto-Update Maintenance Windows

Maintenance windows are set between 2AM and 4AM in the timezone where the satellite is launched by default.

> If you prefer a different maintenance window, you can specify it in the launch command using the `--maintenance-window` flag.

Reviewer: Maybe reword this to be a bit more concise:
```
Maintenance windows are set between 2AM and 4AM in the timezone where the satellite is launched by default.
The start time of the 2 hour window can be explicitly set by passing a 24-hr formatted time to the `--maintenance-window` flag of the launch command.
```

Using this flag, you can pass the start time in 24-hr format. The satellite will update within 2 hours of specified start time.

Here's an example showing a satellite launched with a custom maintenance window of 4AM to 6AM:

```bash
earthly satellite launch --maintenance-window 04:00 my-satellite
```

> Note that updates will only happen during the maintenance window while the satellite is asleep. If the satellite remains in-use 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that updates will only happen during the maintenance window while the satellite is asleep. If the satellite remains in use 
```

> for the entire duration of the maintenance window, then the update will be aborted until the next day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the entire duration of the maintenance window, then the update will be re-attempted the next day.
```

#### Version Pinning

If you want to prevent your satellite from automatically upgrading to a new earthly version, you can pin your version using the `--version` flag.

> Note that satellites on pinned versions may still receive auto-updates during a maintenance window; however, these updates will be important stability or security patches that will not change the version of earthly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that satellites on pinned versions may still receive auto-updates during a maintenance window; however, these updates will be limited to stability or security patches, rather than version updates.
```

> Note that satellites on pinned versions may still receive auto-updates during a maintenance window, however, these updaets will be important stability or security patches that will not change the version of earthly.

Reviewer 2: This feels nitty, but I think a semicolon reads a little better here.
```suggestion
Note that satellites on pinned versions may still receive auto-updates during a maintenance window; however, these updaets will be important stability or security patches that will not change the version of earthly.
```

```bash
earthly satellite launch --version v0.6.29 my-satellite
```

#### Manually Updating a Satellite

> Satellites can also be manually updated using the `update` command. The update command can be used to not only trigger a version upgrade, but also to change other parameters of the satellite, such as feature-flags or it's cache. 

Reviewer 2: `it's` is a contraction meaning `it is`; `its` is possessive. Possessive pronouns never (to my knowledge) use apostrophes (whose, its, their, my, her, etc).
```suggestion
Satellites can also be manually updated using the `update` command. The update command can be used to not only trigger a version upgrade, but also to change other parameters of the satellite, such as feature-flags or its cache. 
```

Satellites must be in a sleep state before an update can be started. You can use the `earthly satellite sleep` command to do this manually.
Below are some examples of how you can use the `update` command.

> The following example updates a satellite to the latest version, respecting any pinned versions:

Author: > respecting any pinned versions

@dchw I expected this to be the case, but after testing it I see it updates to the latest version when you have it pinned. Is that expected?

Author: We determined this is a bug on the backend that we will fix shortly. It should respect version pinning as I've explained here in the doc.

```bash
earthly satellite update my-satellite
```

> The following command updates the satellite and clear it's cache during the process. If no update is available, this command will still clear the cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command updates the satellite and clear its cache during the process. If no update is available, this command will still clear the cache.
```

```bash
earthly satellite update --drop-cache my-satellite
```

Updates can also specify a new pinned earthly version:
```bash
earthly satellite update --version v0.6.29 my-satellite
```

Feature flags can be set during an update as well. Note feature-flags enable preview features which are considered highly expirimental.
```bash
earthly satellite update --feature-flag cache-pct=30 my-satellite
```

> 

Reviewer: is it possible to clear out feature flags? e.g.

```
earthly satellite update --feature-flag ""
```

Reviewer: similarly, if one does an update the pinned version (and omits the `--feature-flag` flag), will the existing feature flags persist?

Author: I think the ability to clear feature flags entirely might be missing. We may want to add it. 

When no feature-flags are passed-in, the existing flags are retained. When a new set of feature-flags are passed in, it will replace the entire set of existing flags. This behaviour should probably be better documented.

Reviewer: maybe we should have a 

```
{% hint style='info' %}
##### Note
It's not currently possible to completely clear out the flags; you will have to destroy and recreate the satellite. 
{% endhint %}
```

in this case?

Author: Yes makes sense, and we can improve support for that later. We don't really encourage using the feature flags anyway.

#### Satellite Revision System

In more detail, satellite versions are controlled via Earthly's internal revisioning system. 

> A satellite revision includes an earthly version, plus a revision increment, where each earthly version may contain a number or ordered revisions.

Reviewer 2: Another nit, but the comma here feels like it puts too much separation between "earthly version" and "revision increment", and makes it ambiguous whether or not "where each earthly version..." applies to the whole preceding fragment or just to "plus a revision increment".
```suggestion
A satellite revision includes an earthly version plus a revision increment, where each earthly version may contain a number or ordered revisions.
```
